Yay, you've found our task. Congratulations! But this is only the beginning of our quest :)
It's ok to skip tasks if you can't solve them, however try to do your best and solve as much as possible.

Basic tasks:

1. Please update Dockerfile with all missing system packages of your choice which in your opinion may help you to pass the quest (hint: you may need zip and logrotate packages).

2. Please expose http port 80 so it's accessible externally from your host OS.

3. Nginx is installed on the system. Unfortunately, something went wrong and you see a message at 'http://localhost' from nightmares for every DevOps person - 'Internal Server Error'.  Why? Fix this issue by changing your Dockerfile.

4. Well, Nginx has worked correctly. We want to know something about you. So, please change default page from "Hello from MacPaw" to any additional information about you. Describe these changes in Dockerfile as well.

5. We want to see this page using domain name 'internship.macpaw.io'. You know what to do :)

6. We have an encrypted file with additional tasks at '/tmp/additional.zip', but we forgot the password for this file. Fortunately one of us remembers that we added three values to compute the password:
  a) most common non-200 response code at our old website
  b) number of requests from 8.8.8.8
  c) the two first symbols from ETag header of a file stored in our s3 bucket
  For 'a' and 'b' subtasks our old logs stored at '/var/log/nginx/old.log'. For 'c' endpoint is 'hint.macpaw.io'.
  For example, if you get 302, 77 and 10 in the three above values, just add them like 302+77+10=389 - this would be your password
  It will be fine if you can write a script for this purpose.

This is the end of our basic quest. You can stop here and commit everything that you've already done to your repository. We will check your task after 6th of May. You can make any changes until this date.
Also you can do all additional tasks and commit them too.


Remember to reflect all your changes in Dockerfile and ensure that your Dockerfile builds correctly.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

This is an additional part of our quest.

1. Please add log rotation for supervisor and dpkg files at /var/log/ directory.
2. Write down a little program that is able to show up your public IP.
3. The result of this program execution should be available at 'internship.macpaw.io/ip'
